
<<<<<<< HEAD
					

					  本次活动特别邀请来自南京大学计算机系李宇峰副研究员，与我校师生分享他在机器学习领域的研究心得。具体安排如下，欢迎感兴趣的师生参加： 
　　一、时间：2017年7月7日（周五）9:30 
　　二、地点：主楼B1-104 
　　三、主题：鲁棒利用未标记数据 
　　四、主讲人：李宇峰博士（南京大学计算机系副研究员） 
  五、主持人：国家“青年千人”计划入选者 徐增林教授 
 　七、交流内容： 
   利用未标记数据提高性能是机器学习的一个重要问题。然而，近年研究结果指出，未标记数据的利用有时会导致性能下降。鲁棒利用未标记数据，防止性能下降成为了一个难点。本报告将就性能下降的原因（如求解质量不高、模型选择困难等）介绍一些应对的鲁棒学习技术。 
  八、主讲人简介： 
   李宇峰，博士，南京大学计算机系副研究员。他的主要研究兴趣是机器学习和数据挖掘，在JMLR、TPAMI、ICML、NIPS、IJCAI等机器学习期刊会议发表论文多篇。应邀担任IJCAI17/15高级程序委员，以及ICML、NIPS、 KDD等会议的程序委员。他获得了CCF优博、江苏省优博、入选CCF青年人才发展计划等荣誉。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 
  
  
  
                计算机科学与工程学院、统计机器智能与学习实验室(SMILE Lab) 
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　2017年7月6日
				
=======
Big-Data Analytics for Cloud Computing in Social and Cognitive Applications

时间：2017年6月8日（星期四）15:00 - 16:30
地点：北京大学理科二号楼2135室
主办单位：北京大学信息科学技术学院
特邀报告人：Kai Hwang (University of Southern California)
报告摘要：
In this talk, Dr. Hwang addresses the pervasive use of big-data analytics on smart clouds, social networks, intelligent robots, and IoT platforms. He will assess machine/deep learning models and available software tools to advance the cognitive service industry represented by Google, Microsoft, Apple, Facebook, Baidu, IBM, Huawei, etc. The ultimate goal is to achieve enhanced agility, mobility, security, and scalability of public clouds, IoT platforms, and social-media networks. 
His talk will assess current AI programs and brain projects pursued by high-tech companies, including Google X-Lab, TensorFlow, DeepMind AlphaGo, Nvidia Digits 5 for using GPU in deep learning, IBM neuromorphic computer, and CAS/ICT Camericon project, etc. Some hidden R/D opportunities are revealed for building smart machines, delivery drones, self-driving cars, blockchains, AR/VR gears, etc. Extended cognitive applications will be explored on 5G health-care, desease detection, emotion control, and social media community services.
报告人简介：
Kai Hwang is a Professor of EE/CS at the University of Southern California. He received the Ph.D. from UC Berkeley. He has published extensively in computer architecture, parallel processing, cloud computing, and network security. His latest two books, entitled Cloud  Computing for Machine Learning and Cognitive Applications  (The MIT Press) and Big Data Analytics for Cloud/IoT and Cognitive Computing (Wiley, U.K.) are in press to appear in Spring of 2017.
        An IEEE Life Fellow, he received the very-first CFC Outstanding Achievement Award in 2004 and the Lifetime Achievement Award from IEEE Cloud2012 for his pioneering work in parallel computing and distributed systems. Four of his graduated Ph.D. students were elected as IEEE Fellows and one an IBM Fellow. He has delivered four dozens of keynote or distinguished lectures in international Conferences or Research Centers. Dr. Hwang has performed consulting work with IBM, MIT Lincoln Lab, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and INRIA in France. He can be reached via his Email at USC: kaihwang@usc.edu. 


>>>>>>> LJY
