<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					报告题目： Towards High-throughput Bandwidth Reservation Strategies for Data Transfers in High-performance Networks and Clouds 
报告时间：2017年 6 月 20 日（周二） 上午10:00-12:00 
报告地点：清水河校区主楼 B1-501会议室 
主持人：计算机科学与工程学院 卢国明副教授 
报告人：蒙特克莱尔州立大学   朱梦霞副教授  
内容简介： 
In recent years, dedicated high-performance networks (HPNs) with bandwidth reservation service through circuit-switching or MPLS/GMPLS tunneling techniques have emerged as a promising solution for such big data transfer in the scientific domain. Such bandwidth reservation services in HPNs allow users to reserve bandwidth as needed on the dedicated bandwidth links, thus guaranteeing predictive and reliable large data transfer. In the same time, as the network virtualization becomes more and more important in multi-tenant clouds across geographically distributed data centers, it is worthwhile to study how we can apply the bandwidth provision strategies from HPNs to the clouds with Software Defined Networking (SDN) to tackle concurrent data transfer requests under a highly dynamic environment. Given multiple data transfer requests awaiting to be scheduled across different network paths with deadlines, the following two bandwidth provision problems are investigated: (i) Maximize the amount of data to be transferred, and (ii) Maximize the number of requests to be scheduled. Above two problems are proved as NP-complete problems. Algorithm design and experiment analysis are performed. Plan to extend the bandwidth scheduling methods originally from HPNs into cloud environment with SDN technologies will also be discussed. 
主讲人简介： 
朱梦霞老师于2005年从路易斯安娜州立大学获得计算机博士学位,先后在美国能源部下属的橡树岭国家实验室、南依利诺大学任职。目前，朱老师任Montclair State University计算机系副教授。朱梦霞老师长期从事高性能计算、分布传感器系统和高性能网络方面的研究工作，在学术期刊和国际会议上发表论文100余篇，代表刊物包括IEEE Transactions on Computers, IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing Elsevier, ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks, IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management, Computer Networks (COMNET) Elsevier 和BMC Genomics等等。主持和参与多项美国能源部、ORNL、 美国国家自然基金项目，累计科研项目经费逾百万美元。 
  
                                                   主办单位：电子科技大学研究生院  
                                                   承办单位：计算机科学与工程学院
				
=======
 Deduplication Storage Systems: Reducing Power and Space
Kai Li
Paul M. Wythes & Marcia R. Wythes Professor
Princeton University
2015年8月26日 星期三 10:35am
中关新园1号楼集贤厅
 
Abstract: Since deduplication storage system was introduced over ten years ago, it has changed the landscape of the storage industry. Disk-based deduplication storage systems can reduce the footprint of backup data by 10-30X. Today's flash-based deduplication storage systems can reduce most of their popular workloads by about 5X. Such reductions also dramatically reduce the energy requirements in data centers. This talk gives an overview of the basic deduplication techniques for building storage systems and a few case studies of commercially available deduplication storage systems.
 
Biography: Kai Li is a Paul M. Wythes & Marcia R. Wythes Professor at Princeton University, where he worked as a faculty member in the computer science department since 1986. He received his Ph.D. degree from Yale University, M.S. degree from Chinese Academy of Sciences, and B.S. degree from Jilin University. His research expertise is in operating systems, parallel and distributed systems, de-duplication storage systems, large display systems, and data analysis and search of large feature-rich data. He pioneered Shared Virtual Memory or Distributed Shared Memory (DSM) which allows shared-memory programming model on clusters of computers, which won the ACM SIGOPS Hall of Fame Award in 2012. He proposed user-level DMA mechanism for efficient cluster communication has evolved into the RDMA in the Infiniband standard. He co-led the ImageNet project which constructed a large image database and propelled deep learning methods. In 2001, He co-founded Data Domain, Inc. (now an EMC division) and led the innovation of deduplication storage system products to replace the tape libraries for backup and archive at enterprise data centers. Since 2008, Data Domain product line has maintained over 60% of the deduplication backup storage market. He is an ACM fellow, IEEE fellow and a member of National Academy of Engineering.
>>>>>>> LJY
