<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					报告题目：Improving the Quality of Database Research Using ORA-Semantics 
报告时间：2017年6月13日下午14:00-16:00 
报告地点：电子科技大学清水河校区主楼B1-501会议室 
主持人：罗亮 
报告人：新加坡国立大学 Ling Tok Wang 教授 
内容简介： 
The concepts of object class (i.e. entity type), relationship type, and attribute of object class and relationship type are the three basic concepts in the Entity Relationship Model. We call them ORA-semantics. In this talk, we first show that the schema languages of relational model and XML data model cannot capture the ORA-semantics that exist in the ER Model. However programmers must know the ORA-semantics of the database in order to write SQL and XQuery programs correctly. Without using ORA-semantics in database, the quality of some database research areas is poor in correctness and completeness. In this talk, we then show how ORA-semantics can be used to improve the quality significantly in some database areas such as schema integration, and XML and RDB keyword search. 
In schema integration, entity resolution is widely studied.  However, we must also consider relationship resolution. We also need to differentiate between primary key vs object identifier, local vs global object identifier, and local vs global functional dependency, etc. All these concepts are related to ORA-semantics and they have big impact on the quality of the integrated schema. 
Existing XML keyword search approaches such as LCA, SLCA, etc. are all LCA-based and structure-based searches; they rely on the structural features but not the hidden ORA-semantics in data-centric XML document. Existing RDB keyword search approaches are all based on foreign key-key reference and minimal connected subgraph that contains all the query keywords. We identify the serious limitations of existing XML and RDB keyword search approaches such as meaningless answer, missing answer, schema dependent answer, etc. We exploit the ORA-semantics in XML data and RDB to improve the correctness and completeness of XML and RDB keyword search by detecting duplications of objects and relationships. Etc. 
主讲人简介： 
 LING Tok Wang（林卓旺）博士，新加坡国立大学教授，现为计算机学院副院长现为信息系统与计算机科学系副主任。 
林卓旺博士本科毕业于新加坡南洋理工大学，在加拿大滑铁卢大学获得硕士和博士学位。林卓旺博士的研究领域主要涉及数据建模，实体-联系方法，面向对象的数据模型、规范化理论，逻辑和数据库、完整性约束检查，半结构化的数据模型，XM小枝模式查询处理等等。 
多年来，林博士在数据库研究领域的国际期刊、国际会议上发表230多篇文章。  
                                                                           主办单位：电子科技大学研究生院 
                                                                           承办单位：计算机科学与工程学院
				
=======
 Adaptive, Efficient, Parallel Execution of Parallel Program
Guri Sohi
John P. Morgridge Professor & Vilas Research Professor
University of Wisconsin-Madison
2015年8月26日 星期三 08:50am
中关新园1号楼集贤厅
 
Abstract: Future parallel processors will be heterogeneous, be increasingly less reliable, and operate in dynamically changing operating conditions. This will result in a constantly varying pool of hardware resources which can greatly complicate the task of efficiently exposing a program's parallelism onto these resources. Coupled with this uncertainty is the diverse set of efficiency metrics that users may desire.
 
This talk will describe Varuna, a runtime system that dynamically, continuously, rapidly and transparently adapts a program's parallelism to best match the instantaneous capabilities of the hardware resources while satisfying different efficiency metrics. Varuna is applicable to both multithreaded and task-based programs and can be seamlessly inserted between the program and the operating system without needing to change the source code of either.
 
The talk will also present results demonstrating Varuna's effectiveness in diverse execution environments using unaltered C/C++ parallel programs from various benchmark suites.
 
Biography: Guri Sohi has been a faculty member at the University of Wisconsin-Madison since 1985 where he currently a John P. Morgridge Professor and a Vilas Research Professor.
Sohi's research has been in the design of high-performance microprocessors and computer systems. Results from his research can be found in almost every high-end microprocessor in the market today.
He received the 1999 ACM SIGARCH Maurice Wilkes award "for seminal contributions in the areas of high issue rate processors and instruction level parallelism" and the 2011 ACM/IEEE Eckert-Mauchly Award "for pioneering widely used micro-architectural
techniques for instruction-level parallelism". At the University of Wisconsin he was selected as a Vilas Associate in 1997, awarded a WARF Kellett Mid-Career Faculty Researcher award in 2000, a WARF Named Professor in 2007, and a Vilas Research Professor in 2015. He is a Fellow of both the ACM and the IEEE and is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
>>>>>>> LJY
