
					

					一、主题： ① Integrating Social Links into Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks (VANETs): Social-aware, Secure and Privacy-Preserving Data Forwarding in VANETs ② Efficient and Privacy-preserving Smart Grid Downlink Communication Using Identity Based Signcryption 
二、时间：2017年 6 月 9 日 上午10:00-12:00，13:30-15:30 
三、主讲人：Xiaodong Lin 加拿大安大略理工大学 
四、地点：主楼 B1-501 
五、主持人：李洪伟教授 
六、内容简介： 
 ① Integrating Social Links into Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks (VANETs): Social-aware, Secure and Privacy-Preserving Data Forwarding in VANETs 
In this talk, we first identify some security and privacy challenges in VANETs. Then, we look into how to integrate social links into VANETs. Specifically, we study social behavior and interaction in VANETs and then propose a social-aware, secure and privacy-preserving packet forwarding scheme. With the proposed scheme, Roadside Units (RSUs) deployed along the roadside can assist in packet forwarding to achieve highly reliable transmissions, which is considered critical for many vehicle applications. 
② Efficient and Privacy-preserving Smart Grid Downlink Communication Using Identity Based Signcryption 
In this talk, we will discuss security and privacy issues in Smart Grid. Then, we propose an efficient and privacy-preserving scheme for smart grid downlink communication. Specifically, we propose an efficient identity based signcryption, called EIBSC, providing privacy preservation in downlink communication for smart grids. The proposed scheme is characterized by employing the concealing destination technique on the tree-based network to protect consumer privacy in downlink communication. 
七、主讲人简介： 
Xiaodong Lin received the PhD degree in Information Engineering from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China, and the PhD degree (with Outstanding Achievement in Graduate Studies Award) in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada. He is currently an Associate Professor with the Faculty of Business and Information Technology, University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT), Canada. 
His research interests include wireless communications and network security, computer forensics, software security, and applied cryptography. Dr. Lin serves as an Associate Editor for many international journals. He has served or is serving as a guest editor for many special issues of IEEE, Elsevier and Springer journals and as a symposium chair or track chair for IEEE/ACM conferences. He also served on many program committees. He currently serves as Chair of Communications and Information Security Technical Committee (CISTC) – IEEE Communications Society. He is a Fellow of the IEEE.
				
