<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					一、主题：Differential Privacy: Meaning and Caveats 
二、时间：2017年6月6日（周二）上午10:00 
三、主讲人：李宁辉教授 （普渡大学） 
四、地点：图书馆二楼光影厅（E区B-216） 
五、主持人：国家“青年千人”计划入选者 徐增林教授 
六、内容简介： 
   Over the last decade, differential privacy (DP) has emerged as the standard privacy notion for research in privacy-preserving data analysis and publishing. However, there is an ongoing debate about the meaning and value of DP. Some hail that the notion of DP offers strong privacy protection regardless of the adversary's prior knowledge while enabling all kinds of data analysis. Others offer criticisms regarding DP's privacy guarantee and utility limitations. In this talk we explore the meanings of DP, trying to answer the question: "Under what condition(s), the notion of DP delivers the promised privacy guarantee?" We show that the answer is quite nuanced and depends on legal and ethical considerations that need to be discussed by the community. 
七、主讲人简介： 
   Ninghui Li is a Professor of Computer Science at Purdue University. His research interests are in security and privacy. He has published over 100 referred papers in these areas. He is currently on the editorial boards of ACM Transactions on Privacy and Security (TOPS), Journal of Computer Security (JCS), and ACM Transactions on Internet Technology. Prof. Li is Vice Chair of ACM Special Interest Group on Security, Audit and Control (SIGSAC). He has recently served as Program Chair for 2014 and 2015 ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS), ACM's flagship conference in the field of security and privacy. He received a Bachelor's degree from the Special Class of the Gifted Young at University of Science and Technology of China in 1993 and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from New York University in 2000. Before joining the faculty of Purdue in 2003, he was a PostDoc Research Associate at Stanford University Computer Science Department for 3 years. 
八、主办单位：研究生院 
   承办单位：计算机科学与工程学院、统计机器智能与学习实验室（SMILE Lab） 
 2017年6月2日
				
=======
阿里巴巴技术高校行
 
时间： 2015年7月6日 19:00-21:00
 
地点：理科2号楼2129
 
 
题目：在互联网公司做底层系统
 
摘要：OceanBase是阿里巴巴独立开发的分布式关系数据库，经过五年的发展，OceanBase已经支撑起了支付宝交易等核心金融和电子商务系统。众所周知，互联网公司的节奏非常快，不少项目从开始到完成常常只有几个星期的时间。而关系数据库则是一个比较复杂的底层系统，对稳定性、可靠性有很高的要求，需要以年计的开发和测试周期，因此两者之间有着很大的鸿沟。本次报告将与大家分享OceanBase在阿里巴巴发展的一些经验和教训。
 
演讲人简介：
阳振坤，1984年进入北京大学，先后获得数学学士和硕士学位以及计算机博士学位并留校，1997年破格晋升教授，1999年成为北京大学首批长江教授。现为蚂蚁金服技术副总裁，是分布式关系数据库OceanBase的初创者之一。曾参与汉字激光照排系统的开发，近年来的主要研究领域为云计算和分布式系统。曾获得国家科学技术进步奖一等奖、第一届中国科协求是杰出青年奖、第六届中国青年科技奖、北京市“五四青年奖章”等学术奖励。
 
题目：云计算中的技术挑战
 
演讲人简介： 
张海勇，对分布式系统和存储系统有浓厚兴趣，现就职于阿里云，是盘古分布式存储系统的架构师。加入阿里巴巴之前在IBM从事GPFS的研发工作。此次演讲将会和大家分享大规模云计算环境下所遇到的技术挑战和解决思路。
>>>>>>> LJY
