<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					一、主题：Performance Assessment of High-dimensional Variable Identification 
二、时间：2017年7月6日上午10：20～11：20 
三、主讲人：杨宇红 University of Minnesota,Twin Cities  IMS Fellow 
四、地点：主楼B1-501 
五、主持人：杨国武教授
七、主讲人简介：
杨宇红，耶鲁大学统计学博士，现为明尼苏达大学双城分校教授，IMS Fellow。
在统计学领域开展研究，在中科院JCR分区的一区期刊和CCF A类期刊上共发表论文20篇以上，各类统计、信息论、计量经济、预测领域顶尖期刊发表学术论文50多篇。据Google Scholar统计，候选人的学术期刊论文，共被他人引用超过3000多次。2010年被评为国际统计学会会士（IMS Fellow）。
六、内容简介： 
One important task in statistical/machine learning is to identify the most important variables that influence the response of interest. Examples include the identification of biomarkers of a disease in medical research and choice of behavioral characteristic variables of customers for effective advertisement. Since such variable selection process is ubiquitous in data analysis, reproducibility of the statistical results demands a serious evaluation of reliability of the employed model selection method, no matter what label it may have in terms of good properties. In this work, we propose an estimation method for $F-$ and $G$-measures and prove their desirable properties of uniform consistency. This gives the data analyst a valuable tool to compare different variable selection methods based on the data at hand. Extensive simulations are conducted to show the very good finite sample performance of our approach. We further demonstrate the application of our methods using several micro-array gene expression data sets.The work is joint with Yanjia Yu and Yi Yang. 

				
=======
报告时间：2016年11月17日（星期四）15:30-16:30
报告地点：北京大学理科二号楼2736报告厅
主办单位：机器感知与智能教育部重点实验室
北京大学信息科学技术学院
特邀报告人：Prof. Herman Geuvers
报告摘要：
Mathematical proofs get more and more difficult and complex. At the same time more and more computer systems (software and hardware) can be verified rigidly using mathematical proof, so there is an increasing request for completely verified mathematical proofs. The field of Computer Assisted Mathematical Proofs fills this gap by allowing users to create complete mathematical proofs, interactively with the computer, where the computer checks each small reasoning step.
In the talk, I will illustrate this with two examples where the computer has been used to completely verify a proof: (1) From pure mathematics: The proof of the Kepler conjecture (2) From computer science: The proof of the correctness of a C compiler. Then I will discuss the present day limitations of Computer Assisted Mathematical Proofs, which basically rest on the limitations of proof automation. It has recently become clear that Machine Learning provides methods that apply very well to speeding up proof automation. Machine Learning does not supersede standard techniques (from Automated Theorem Proving) but provide the ideal additional technique. I will show how Machine Learning techniques fit in and what successes have been obtained in proof automation.
报告人简介：
Herman Geuvers is professor of Theoretical Computer Science in the Institute for Computing and Information Science (ICIS) of Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands. He is also the head of the research institute ICIS. His research interest are: Logic in Computer Science in general. Type theory, lambda calculus, logic, theorem provers (especially interactive ones, with a bias to those based on type theory), formalizing mathematics, computer mathematics (combining proving and computing in one integrated computer environment), software verification, automata and formal languages.




>>>>>>> LJY
