<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					  参数算法是一种相对较年轻的处理NP难问题的计算理论，该理论考虑将计算问题中容易计算和难计算的部分分离，对容易的部分用快速的方法处理，难的部分则用耗时较高的方法解决。对容易部分的处理可以看作是一种有理论保证的算法预处理和数据压缩，在大数据处理等方面也有应用前景。本论坛邀请了参数算法的奠基人，挪威卑尔根大学Michael Fellows教授和Frances Rosamond教授和大家分享参数算法中的一些入门及前沿方法和技术。 
主讲嘉宾：Michael Fellows教授和Frances Rosamond教授 
时间：2017年6月28日上午 10:00-12:00 
地点：宾诺咖啡 
主持人：肖鸣宇  副院长 
  
Frances Rosamond 
  TITLE: "FPT for Beginners: The Fundamental Method of Kernelization" 
  ABSTRACT: The most basic and central method in parameterized algorithms is kernelization. The talk will provide a visual and intuitive introduction to this FPT technique, which still offers many important frontiers for future research. Kernelization (which models "preprocessing") is quite practical! Whether your goal is research in academia, or a job in the computer industry, the subject of kernelization is well-worth knowing about. 
  
Michael Fellows 
  TITLE: An Introduction to Structural Parameters in Natural Datasets 
  ABSTRACT: The talk will provide a gentle introduction to structural parameters that occur in natural datasets that allow for FPT algorithms in many practical computing applications.  Sometimes these parameters are easy to spot, and sometimes they are more hidden and we don't really understand yet what they are or how to exploit them.  Bounded treewidth is one of the most important and universal, and can be explained quite intuitively.  Some examples from the "parameter ecology" program will also be described.
				
=======
 SILICON FOR THE OPTICS-OF-EVERYTHING (O2E)
时间：2016年11月10日（星期四）14:30
地点：北京大学微纳电子学大厦103报告厅
主办单位：北京大学信息科学技术学院
特邀报告人：姜培（Patrick Yin Chiang）
报告摘要：
Big data, internet-of-things, cloud computing, deep learning, autonomous vehicles… All of these cloud-computing applications require exponentially increasing bandwidth, resulting in the explosive growth in optical networking.  For these optical I/O, the microchips and silicon photonics inside are critical innovations, as they directly affect the cost, size, power, bandwidth, scalability, and manufacturability. In this talk, I will describe the cross-disciplinary IC design in my Integrated Photonics group at Fudan University, exploring the frontiers of datacenter interconnect using optoelectronics and silicon photonics: (1) 100G microring-WDM Si-photonics (ISSCC-2013, ISSCC-2015); (2) 50G-PAM4 (OFC-2016, OFC-2017); (3) CMOS-Based 25G Laser Drivers / Receivers (JSSC-2015, SSC-2016).
报告人简介：
Patrick Yin Chiang received the B.S. degree in electrical engineering and computer sciences from the University of California, Berkeley, and the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University. He is CTO and a co-founder of PhotonIC Technologies, based in Shanghai, China. He is also a 1000-Talents Young Professor at Fudan University, and a tenured professor (on-leave) from Oregon State University, USA. He is the recipient of a 2010 Department of Energy Early CAREER award and a 2012 NSF-CAREER award, for energy-efficient interconnects and robust near-threshold computing. He has published more than 130 conference/journal publications, including 10 ISSCC papers.




>>>>>>> LJY
