<<<<<<< HEAD

					
						
							
								
									
									
								
								
									
										
									


									
										
											

												
											

												
											

												
											
										
									
									
										
									
								
							
						
					

					    应计算机科学与工程学院侯孟书教授邀请，新泽西理工学院（NJIT）计算机科学系终身教授、大数据中心主任、美国橡树岭国家实验室（ORNL）研究员吴奇石教授来我院访问并作学术报告，吸引了学院众多研究生前来参加，并与吴教授进行了深入交流。与会的还有计算机学院牛新征副教授等。 
    此次报告的主题为“Enabling Big Data Scientific Workflows in High-Performance Networks”。在此次报告中，吴教授介绍了高性能网络中大数据处理的关键问题和研究成果，展示了高新前沿领域中科学大数据的产生、传输、存储、分析及可视化。重点阐述了科学工作流的三层优化模型，该模型能用于解决不同约束条件和不同工作环境下的任务调度和资源分配问题。 
    首先，吴教授通过对一些前沿科技领域的介绍，阐述了科学大数据的产生，以及科学界对大数据处理能力的需求。吴教授指出了阻碍科学大数据处理能力提升的一个重要因素是网络传输速率，并介绍了其团队研发的用于快速传输科学数据的高性能网络——UltraScience Net。随后，吴教授对高性能网络环境下的“Scientific Workflows”优化问题介绍了其团队提出的三层模型，将具体的工作模块映射到底层计算资源，从而实现计算任务的最优调度。 
    最后，吴教授还介绍了其在大数据领域的一些项目和成果，并就同学们提出的问题和大家展开了互动交流，讲座整体反响良好。在热烈的掌声中，本次讲座圆满结束。
				
=======
报告题目：MPI+MPI: Using MPI-3 Shared Memory as a MultiCore Programming System for Extreme Scale Systems

报告人：William Gropp, Thomas M. Siebel Chair in Computer Science, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign

时间：2016年8月25日8:50 – 9:35
地点：中关新园1号楼（2层）科学报告厅
摘要：MPI is widely used for parallel programming and enables programmers to achieve good performance.  MPI also has a one-sided or put/get programming model.  In MPI-3, this one-sided model was greatly expanded, including new atomic read-modify-write operations and new ways to synchronize one-sided communication.  In addition, MPI-3 adds direct access to memory shared between processes.  This talk discusses some of the opportunities and challenges in making use of this feature to program multicore processors, and alternatives using hybrid programming models such as MPI and threads.

报告人简介：William Gropp received his B.S. in Mathematics from Case Western Reserve University in 1977, a MS in Physics from the University of Washington in 1978, and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford in 1982. He held the positions of assistant (1982-1988) and associate (1988-1990) professor in the Computer Science Department at Yale University. In 1990, he joined the Numerical Analysis group at Argonne, where he was a Senior Computer Scientist in the Mathematics and Computer Science Division, a Senior Scientist in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Chicago, and a Senior Fellow in the Argonne-Chicago Computation Institute. From 2000 through 2006, he was also Deputy Director of the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne. In 2007, he joined the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign as the Paul and Cynthia Saylor Professor in the Department of Computer Science. From 2008 to 2014 he was the Deputy Director for Research for the Institute of Advanced Computing Applications and Technologies at the University of Illinois. In 2011, he became the founding Director of the Parallel Computing Institute. In 2013, he was named the Thomas M. Siebel Chair in Computer Science. His research interests are in parallel computing, software for scientific computing, and numerical methods for partial differential equations. He has played a major role in the development of the MPI message-passing standard. He is co-author of the most widely used implementation of MPI, MPICH, and was involved in the MPI Forum as a chapter author for MPI-1, MPI-2, and MPI-3. He has written many books and papers on MPI including "Using MPI" and "Using MPI-2". He is also one of the designers of the PETSc parallel numerical library, and has developed efficient and scalable parallel algorithms for the solution of linear and nonlinear equations. With the other members of the PETSc core team, he was awarded the SIAM/ACM Prize in Computational Science and Engineering in 2015. Gropp is a Fellow of ACM, IEEE, and SIAM, and a member of the National Academy of Engineering. He received the Sidney Fernbach Award from the IEEE Computer Society in 2008, in 2010, and the SIAM-SC Career Award in 2014.
>>>>>>> LJY
