<<<<<<< HEAD

					

					为加强与国外知名研究机构的学术交流，促进教师学术水平提升和研究生学术视野拓展，计算机学院定期邀请海内外知名学者来校讲座。 
　　本次讲座邀请台湾中华大学许庆贤教授来校，探讨从系统的角度应对极限规模计算条件下的能源高效挑战，欢迎感兴趣的教师和博士生参加。具体安排如下： 
　　一、主　题：Tackling Energy Efficient Challenges towards Extreme Scale Computing- The Systems Perspective 
　　二、主讲人：台湾中华大学资讯工程系 许庆贤 教授 
　　三、时　间：2017年6月20日（周二）10:00-12:00 
　　四、地　点：清水河校区主楼B1-104 
　　五、主持人：计算机学院 薛瑞尼 副教授 
　　六、内容简介 
  This talk attempts to address a few critical issues, trends and opportunities on high performance computing in the cloud and big data era. Prof. Hsu will assess impacts of cloud and big data ecosystems on the development of high performance computing systems. The cloud & big data ecosystem includes the hardware and software infrastructure, new computing architectures, data center sustainability, and service models applied in supporting the emerging Big Data Intelligence and Internet of Things (IoT). In particular, a few enabling technologies, such as NoSQL, parallel data processing, load balancing, data locality and virtualization will be addressed. 
　　七、主讲人简介 
  许庆贤，1973年出生于台湾，1999年取得博士学位，2002年加入台湾中华大学计算机学院，2010年获评教授。2011年至2013年受欧盟委员会与台湾科技部资助，先后在挪威University of Stavanger 与美国Virginia Tech. 任客座教授从事合作研究。  
  在台湾中华大学期间担任并行与分布式计算实验室主任，博士生导师，资讯工程学系主任兼所长。主要从事并行与分布式计算、云计算与大数据，高性能计算，丛集计算等领域的研究工作。主持20余项科研项目，国际合作项目，累计科研经费约2千万人民币。 
  发表IEEE/ACM 权威期刊论文18篇, JCR 1区论文36篇, JCR 2区论文30篇, 中国计算机学会(CCF)推荐国际A, B类期刊论文12篇，共计SCI论文90余篇，EI论文100篇以上，总计发表200余篇论文。近五年（2012-2016）学术成果被引用超过1300次。编著过分散式计算、物联网大数据、云端程式设计等书籍，十余本计算机领域的论文集，以及20余篇国际期刊专刊。在国际会议及欧美等知名大学特邀报告20余次。 
  担任近十个国际顶尖期刊主编，副主编，包括IEEE Transactions on Services Computing (JCR 1区), IEEE Transactions on Cloud Computing, Computers and Electrical Engineering (JCR 2区), J. of Computational Science (JCR 2区)。 
  自2009年，连续担任六届台湾云计算学会秘书长，理事，常务理事。目前担任IEEE云计算技术委员会(TCCLD)副主席。曾担任IEEE Cloud, IEEE Cluster, IEEE ISSRE, IEEE ICPADS, IEEE APSCC, IEEE UIC, IEEE CloudCom, IEEE DataCom等顶尖国际会议主席30余次。担任超过100个国际学术会议议程委员。2008年获选为IEEE高级会员。已指导超过60名博士与硕士生。
				
=======
主讲人：Dr. Joel Emer
Senior Distinguished Research Scientist, NVidiaProfessor of the Practice, MIT
时间：2016年6月14日星期二10:00am
地点：理科二号楼2736室
 
Abstract: 
FPGAs offer attractive power and performance for accelerating applications that originally ran on general-purpose processors. In spite of these advantages, FPGAs have been deployed in only a few, niche domains. We argue that the difficulty of programming FPGAs all but precludes their use in more general systems:  FPGA programmers are exposed to all the gory system details that software operating systems long ago abstracted away.
In this talk, I will present the Latency-insensitive Environment for Application Programming (LEAP), an FPGA operating system built around latency-insensitive communication channels. LEAP mitigates the FPGA programming problem by providing a rich set of composable components and abstract, portable services with interfaces consistent across a variety of platforms. While high-level  FPGA abstractions improve programmability and portability, designing customized hardware that is optimized for the target application and platform remains challenging. Therefore, in this talk I will also discuss how the LEAP-generated memory subsystems address this challenge.  In specific, I will describe how we leverage the freedom of abstraction and design a resource-aware memory compiler that automatically constructs program-optimized memory hierarchies on behalf of the user.

Bio:
Dr. Joel S. Emer is a Senior Distinguished Research Scientist in Nvidia's Architecture Research group. He is responsible for exploration of future architectures as well as modeling and analysis methodologies. In his spare time, he is a Professor of the Practice at MIT, where he teaches computer architecture and supervises graduate students. Prior to joining Nvidia he worked at Intel where he was an Intel Fellow and Director of Microarchitecture Research.  Even earlier, he worked at Compaq and Digital Equipment Corporation.
        
Dr. Emer has held various research and advanced development positions investigating processor microarchitecture and developing performance modeling and evaluation techniques. He has made architectural contributions to a number of VAX, Alpha and X86 processors and is recognized as one of the developers of the widely employed quantitative approach to processor performance evaluation. More recently, he has been recognized for his  contributions in the advancement of simultaneous multithreading technology, processor reliability analysis, cache organization and spatial architectures.


>>>>>>> LJY
